Fix typo in docs (#1158)
telegraf/telegraf: docs/README.md

**`ctx`** is the context for one [Telegram update](https://core.telegram.org/bots/api#update). It contains mainly two things:

> - the update object, it contains for example the incoming message and the respective chat, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the update object, containing for example the incoming message and the respective chat, and
```
